hello everyone with you super hectares and today
I want to show you
updates of my belongings yes yes yes my
the wardrobe is updated but what about the first
beautiful blouse that vice is Austin
you could already see her in one of my
rollers is a movie about buying in fixed
Price link of course leave if
who cares I liked this
Blouse all since the color that
very very beautiful gently coral
spring was difficult to pass
it came out to me absolutely not at all expensive
699 rubles, that is, 700 rubles, let's say
and besides that one hundred percent
viscose but made in china
What else did I like ?
I liked such an interesting mesh she
pass-through raise the only negative
she is so tenacious know some material
clinging
it is of course a bit uncomfortable but in general
Overall a very beautiful print is obtained
like plates visually but in reality it is a grid
Here is such a very, very beautiful
but personally, I like the following
purchase purchase from new york store
Kick-off gorgeous little skirt for a long time that
such wanted but that it was
really beautiful cool and i'm
I think that I left my choice
really nice little things
the only thing here is a hundred
percent polyester so she can
electrify but I hope that this is not
will and if I can handle anything
that's terrible
wore while there is no such here
the lining at the bottom is natural since
she looks at all like a transparent fabric
here inside lining such here
pretty pretty in my opinion
some kind of space or velor here
actually actually literally recently
I showed you my purchases shop
girlfriend show this decoration
menthol mint color and this here
Said that will be soon in my videos
thing clothes up to that color but
actually there is it wonderful
beautiful skirt she left me 1200
rubles ai su up
so beautiful here beautiful
I will try to show it to you and you
see how gentle and gentle she is
airy and cool and very real
beautiful summer super super and by the way yes i
did not show you but laid out and forgot
I still have such a decoration on the neck
also see mint color super and still in
new york i got myself this
gorgeous lace dress awesome
just here, too, is the top mesh
what blouses and from the walls all awesome
the dress is just awesome to me she is crazy
like and those who follow me in
instagram you could already see him on
the pictures I went for a walk in it on the red
area to the general center of moscow name
colors white rose very very beautiful
the name of the color I will tell you a dress to me
came out in 1500 rubles and we have material
polyester elastane
look here even on a lace sleeve
I was such a joy at all yet I
I like this collar like that
in my opinion it is mystical and still here at the side
Look there's such a lightning yes
way but actually dress well
lightning quality super not everyone liked
well-stitched well-stitched dress
great bargain and last
that I took literally for a penny
such a wonderful mini can be said
skirt even in my she really
cool and cool it looks like
quite simple without any there
turn here look nothing complicated
no supposedly nothing just divisions on
sepam great just to go out too
Su yes of course it is, as I understand it
they are all here for all of them here 249 rubles
all pleasure
let's see the composition of 3 percent
viscose everything else palestra
cool skirt I already wore me too
I really liked her very much
cool absolutely comfortable and even super
comfortable even to just go out store to wear
very cool i also thought that she
will fit well
damask ct and is a steam blouse it
really so very good
combination look super same up
Well
all my dear I hope this video was
interesting for you and even useful if
so like me
subscribe to my channel if you still have it
We did not have such a desire arose
iyos turn i wish you great
the insistence of great shopping and everything
the most beautiful with you was super
back to show
you